docs: add release-notes for v1.55 (#37113)
microsoft/playwright: docs/src/release-notes-js.md

import LiteYouTube from '@site/src/components/LiteYouTube';

## Version 1.55

### New APIs

- [`method: TestStepInfo.titlePath`] Returns the full title path starting from the test file, including test and step titles.
- Added support for Debian 13 "Trixie".

### Codegen

> - Automatic `toBeVisible()` statements: Codegen now generates automatic `toBeVisible()` assertions for common UI interactions. This feature can be enabled in the Codegen settings UI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Automatic `toBeVisible()` assertions: Codegen can now generate automatic `toBeVisible()` assertions for common UI interactions. This feature can be enabled in the Codegen settings UI.
```

### Breaking Changes

> - ⚠️ Dropped special support for Chromium extension manifest v2.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ⚠️ Dropped support for Chromium extension manifest v2.
```

> - ⚠️ Updated built-in Svelte support to Svelte 5 for component testing. If you're using Svelte 4, pin Playwright to a previous version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ⚠️ Updated Svelte component testing to Svelte 5, dropping support for Svelte 4. If you're using Svelte 4, pin Playwright to a previous version.
```
